{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil System;}}
\f0\fs24
\b\fs32Syntax\par\b0\fs24\par
RECT([\i \i G\i0\i0, \i \i x1\i0\i0, \i \i y1\i0\i0, \i \i x2\i0\i0, \i \i y2\i0\i0, borderColor, \i \i fillColor\i0\i0])\par
\par
\b\fs28Example\b0\fs24\par
EXPORT BOX()\par
BEGIN\par
RECT();\par
RECT_P(40, 90, 320, 240, #000000, #FF0000);\par
WAIT;\par
END;\par
\par
\b\fs28Description\b0\fs24\par
Draws a rectangle in \i G\i0 between the points \i x1\i0,\i y1\i0 and \i x2\i0,\i y2\i0 using the border \i color\i0 for the perimeter and the fill \i color\i0 for the interior.\par
\par
\i G\i0 can be any of the graphic variables and is optional. The default value is G0, the current image.\par
\par
\i x1\i0, \i y1\i0 are optional. The default values represent the topleft corner of the graphic.\par
\par
\i x2\i0, \i y2\i0 are optional. The default values represent the bottomright corner of the image.\par
\par
Border \i color\i0 and fill \i color\i0 can be any \i color\i0 specified as #RRGGBB. Both are optional, and if not specified, the fill \i color\i0 will use the default border \i color\i0 values.\par
\par
To erase a GROB, execute RECT(\i \i G\i0\i0). To clear the screen, execute RECT().\par
\par
When optional arguments are provided in a command with multiple optional parameters (like RECT), the supplied arguments correspond first to the leftmost parameters. For example, in the following program, the arguments 40 and 90 in the RECT_P command correspond to \i x1\i0 and \i y1\i0. The argument #000000 corresponds to the border \i color\i0, as it is the only additional argument. If there had been two additional arguments, they should have referred to \i x2\i0 and \i y2\i0 instead of border \i color\i0 and fill \i color\i0. The program produces a rectangle with a black border and a red fill.
}