{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil System;}}
\f0\fs24
\b\fs32Syntax\par\b0\fs24\par
RECT_P([G, x1, y1, x2, y2, borderColor, fillColor])\par
\par
\b\fs28Example\b0\fs24\par
EXPORT BOX()\par
BEGIN\par
RECT();\par
RECT_P(40, 90, 320, 240, #000000, #FF0000);\par
WAIT;\par
END;\par
\par
\b\fs28Description\b0\fs24\par
Draws a rectangle in G between the points x1,y1 and x2,y2 using the border color for the perimeter and the fill color for the interior.\par
\par
G can be any of the graphic variables and is optional. The default value is G0, the current image.\par
\par
x1, y1 are optional. The default values represent the topleft corner of the graphic.\par
\par
x2, y2 are optional. The default values represent the bottomright corner of the image.\par
\par
Border color and fill color can be any color specified as #RRGGBB. Both are optional, and if not specified, the fill color will use the default border color values.\par
\par
To erase a GROB, execute RECT(G). To clear the screen, execute RECT().\par
\par
When optional arguments are provided in a command with multiple optional parameters (like RECT), the supplied arguments correspond first to the leftmost parameters. For example, in the following program, the arguments 40 and 90 in the RECT_P command correspond to x1 and y1. The argument #000000 corresponds to the border color, as it is the only additional argument. If there had been two additional arguments, they should have referred to x2 and y2 instead of border color and fill color. The program produces a rectangle with a black border and a red fill.
}